docs: clarify `server: false` doesn't await on initial load (#22619)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/6.data-fetching.md

### Client-only fetching

> By default, data fetching composables will perform their asynchronous function on both client and server environments. Set the `server` option to `false` to only perform the call on the client-side. On initial load, the data will not be fetched before hydration is complete so you have to handle a pending state.
> 
> On the client-side navigation the data will be loaded before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, data fetching composables will perform their asynchronous function on both client and server environments. Set the `server` option to `false` to only perform the call on the client-side. On initial load, the data will not be fetched before hydration is complete so you have to handle a pending state, though on subsequent client-side navigation the data will be awaited before loading the page.
```

> Combined with the `lazy` option, this can be useful for data that are not needed on the first render (for example, non-SEO sensitive data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combined with the `lazy` option, this can be useful for data that is not needed on the first render (for example, non-SEO sensitive data).
```
